# Description

## Introduction

I analyzed the system and put some time to understand how the requested ecosystem must be. The communication, safety, speed, and scalability.

After I decided to define services and choose tools.

Tools:
- NestJs - Node + TypeScript + Fastify
- REST API - Communicate from outside of ecosystem
- GRPC - Faster communication for internal communications
- Graph QL - Get data from database
- PostgreSQL
- TypeORM - Nest uses to communicate with database
- Jest - Nest uses to create test cases
- Github
  - projects
  - issues
  - standard git-flow for branching

Services:
1. [Managing users - Oxygen](https://github.com/gaming-SaaS/oxygen) (Because users are the important part of a LIVE system)
2. [Messaging - Rhenium](https://github.com/gaming-SaaS/rhenium) (Because this chemical element used in electrical contact materials)
3. [Wallet - Nickel](https://github.com/gaming-SaaS/nickel) (Because it is a money unit)
4. [Grouping(club) - Carbon](https://github.com/gaming-SaaS/carbon) (Because it creates very strong groups like diamonds)
5. [Readable data provider - Francium](https://github.com/gaming-SaaS/francium) (Because it likes to give the electrons)
6. [Writable data provider - Fluorine](https://github.com/gaming-SaaS/fluorine) (Because it like to receive electrons)

Middlewares:

Guard:
1. Authorizer
2. Access control

Pipe:
1. Validator
2. Extractor

Interceptor:
1. Logging

Filter:
1. Invalid request
2. Endpoint NotFound
3. Internal error
4. Operation failed

##Naming

Services and parts of systems need name. so I decided to choose chemical elements for services as a metaphor for elements that create the system. Also tried to choose elements which has similar usage with the server itself.


##Services

I divided the whole system into 7 services which every one of them has only one porpose and responsibility.

These services are:

1. Managing users - Oxygen
   - This service manages the users who can be any type of entity; Real, legal or fictional.
2. Messaging - Rhenium
   - This service broadcast a message or receive messages.
3. Wallet - Nickel
   - This service manages the assets belonging to an entity. Assets can be anything and they all connect to a unique code.
4. Grouping(club) - Carbon
   - This service can put several entities in an abstract group and perform activities on it.
5. Readable data provider - Francium
   - This service responsible for fetching data as fast as possible.
6. Writable data provider - Fluorine
   - This service responsible for registering data fast and sync with readable data provider.


#JWT

JWT generated by a PEM secret key.
